DrumPro
=======

This was my first large school project and first ever attempt at making a game. I wanted to make a game similar to Guitar Hero, but I limited myself to only the drums (mostly because I am a drummer). I made it from scratch, and it is a very simple game. This game is very similar to guitar hero, with moving circles representing the upcoming drum "hits." Each circle has a different color and corresponds with one of the 4 arrow keys. When the circles, moving from right to left, are aligned inside the box on the left-hand side of the screen, the user needs to press the corresponding arrow key to make that particular drum sound. If the timing is not right, (within .5 seconds), no sound is played and the screen flashes red.

The coolest thing I implemented as part of this game was the FileReader class, that reads files and converts them to playable songs. The files have to be written in a very specific format, however, so it is not necessarily very user-friendly. The format of the song files was modeled after musical tablature, where each line of the file is a string of four 0's and 1's, and each digit represents a different drum (snare, bass drum, hi-hat, tom). A 0 represents a rest, while a 1 represents a "hit" for that particular drum. The idea was that anyone who played this game could write a drum beat and then play their own level on the program. The bpm can also be toggled to increase or decrease the difficulty.

I have not returned to this game, but if I did, I would probably start over as this was my first attempt at creating a large game and I have learned a lot about design patterns and code organization since then.
